chore: update platform controller with gcloud module (#617)
GoogleCloudPlatform/anthos-samples: anthos-onprem-terraform/avmw_user_cluster_metallb/README.md

### Upgrade the user cluster with terraform

> Before upgrading the user cluster, please make sure the admin cluster has been 

Reviewer: _Please add the following description at the beginning:_

Use the same terraform script to upgrade the user cluster, by simply changing the version to the new version. Note that this script can be used for upgrades only if you had created the user cluster using this script. When you run the script with the updated version, the `terraform.tfstate` created during the first run of the script is compared to recognize the change.

Before upgrading the user cluster, please.....

Author: Added

> enrolled in the Anthos On-Prem API. Steps for enrolling the admin cluster are

Reviewer 2: do we need to mention anything about the cloud controller here, since we are looking to launch that soon after which this step will become no-op.

listed in [public documentation](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/clusters/docs/on-prem/latest/how-to/enroll-cluster#enroll_a_cluster).

An example using gcloud command to enroll the admin cluster is shown below:

```bash
gcloud beta container vmware admin-clusters enroll ADMIN_CLUSTER_NAME \
   --project=FLEET_HOST_PROJECT_ID \
   --admin-cluster-membership=projects/FLEET_HOST_PROJECT_ID/locations/global/memberships/ADMIN_CLUSTER_NAME \
   --location=REGION
```

> This sample shows how to update the platform controller with the following 
> gcloud module:
> 
> - module `gcloud-update-admin-cluster-platform-controller`: You use this module
>   to upgrade the platform controller on the admin cluster. The platform
>   controller contains one or more bundles of components that the admin cluster
>   uses to manage user clusters. The bundles are version specific, that is, the
>   platform controller must contain a bundle version that matches the Anthos on
>   VMware version of the user cluster. Before upgrading your user cluster, run
>   this module to install a bundle version on the admin cluster that matches the
>   version you are upgrading the user cluster to.
> 

Reviewer: I think we need to rephrase this a bit. The phrasing - "Before upgrading your user cluster, run this module" - makes it sound as if, this chunk of terraform can be independently run; which is not possible. Few things about this section:

- Use snake casing for the module name: `gcloud_update_admin_cluster_platform_controller`
- I would suggest the following re-write:

```suggestion
This `gcloud_update_admin_cluster_platform_controller` module uses the `gcloud`
command prepare the admin cluster to enable the user cluster upgrade.

- [**`gcloud-update-admin-cluster-platform-controller`**](./main.tf#L54-L62): 
   This module is used to ensure that the ** platform controller** of the admin cluster
   is on a compatible version. The platform controller contains one or more bundles of
   components that the admin cluster uses to manage user clusters. The bundles are
   version specific, that is, the platform controller must contain a bundle version that
   matches the _Anthos on VMware version of the user cluster_.  Thus, by having this
   module in the script we ensure that the platform controller in the admin cluster is 
   always on the correct user cluster version. 
```

Author: Updated. Thanks for the suggestion!

### Upgrade the user cluster with terraform

Use the same terraform script to upgrade the user cluster, by simply changing 
the version to the new version. Note that this script can be used for upgrades 
only if you had created the user cluster using this script. When you run the 
script with the updated version, the `terraform.tfstate` created during the 
first run of the script is compared to recognize the change.

Before upgrading the user cluster, please make sure the admin cluster has been 
enrolled in the Anthos On-Prem API. Steps for enrolling the admin cluster are
listed in [public documentation](https://cloud.google.com/anthos/clusters/docs/on-prem/latest/how-to/enroll-cluster#enroll_a_cluster).

An example using gcloud command to enroll the admin cluster is shown below:

```bash
gcloud beta container vmware admin-clusters enroll ADMIN_CLUSTER_NAME \
   --project=FLEET_HOST_PROJECT_ID \
   --admin-cluster-membership=projects/FLEET_HOST_PROJECT_ID/locations/global/memberships/ADMIN_CLUSTER_NAME \
   --location=REGION
```

This `gcloud_update_admin_cluster_platform_controller` module uses the `gcloud`
command prepare the admin cluster to enable the user cluster upgrade.

> - [**`gcloud_update_admin_cluster_platform_controller`**](./main.tf#L54-L62): 

Reviewer: Now the line numbers are 53-67

```suggestion
- [**`gcloud_update_admin_cluster_platform_controller`**](./main.tf#L53-L67): 
```

Author: Updated. Thanks for the correction!
